We knew when we first got married
that we would enjoy having a family.
So when we first found out
that we were pregnant,
we were overjoyed.
When Becky first told me she was pregnant,
it’s like a light switch
went off in my heart.
Immediately, I felt like a dad.
Instantly, you begin to make plans.
It was like all this love
just flooded in.
One day, Becky was feeling a little off,
and a friend encouraged us,
“Just go see the doctor.”
So we did.
And while we were there,
they did an ultrasound.
The doctor came back
and they said
there wasn’t a heartbeat anymore.
That was a very difficult moment
—something I can never forget.
Because all of a sudden, all of those hopes,
those dreams,
those preparations you are making
—they’re gone.
This place in your heart
that opened up to make room for this child
is now this huge, gaping, open hole
and there’s nothing to fill it.
It just is incredible emptiness.
We didn’t know what to do.
But it was a meeting night,
so we wanted to go to the meeting.
It felt like the place
where Jehovah’s holy spirit is,
and we wanted to be there
because we knew
we were not going to be able
to survive this on our own strength.
We needed Jehovah.
After people learned
that we had lost
the baby, so many people
shared a little bit
of their experiences with me,
which made us feel not alone,
for sure.
But Jehovah has also given us
some incredible friends
—friends who have stuck closer to us
than a brother,
friends who always seem to know
when we’re having a hard day,
who have prayed with us,
who have taken walks with us, listened.
And I know those are expressions
Jehovah has given us.
Regaining joy
is a work in progress.
There was a particular scripture
in my personal study
that I found very helpful,
Psalm 139, where it talks
about how there’s nowhere
that Jehovah can’t find us.
There’s no darkness
that is too dark for Jehovah.
And it felt
like such a dark place.
Dwelling on that scripture
was something that helped me a lot.
And gradually, bit by bit,
I felt like Jehovah did help me
to see beautiful things again.